feat: update assignReviewer docs with policy (#78)
reviewpad/docs: docs/guides/built-ins/actions/assignReviewer/index.mdx

Assigns a defined amount of reviewers to the pull request from the provided list of reviewers.

> The reviewers can be assigned following a policy of assignment that can **only** be one of the following:
> - `random`: the reviewers are chosen randomly;
> - `round-robin`: the reviewers are chosen following the `round-robin` algorithm;
> - `reviewpad`: the reviewers are chosen according to the number of pull requests they have already assigned to them - the reviewers that have less pull requests to review will be more likely to be assigned.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reviewers can be assigned following one of the described policies:
- `random`: the reviewers are chosen in a random manner;
- `round-robin`: the reviewers are chosen following the `round-robin` algorithm;
- `reviewpad`: the reviewers are chosen based on the total number of pull requests assigned to them. The smaller the number of pull requests assigned to a reviewer, the greater the probability of being picked.
```

When there are not enough reviewers to assign to, a warning is returned.

If a reviewer from the defined list has performed a review, their review will be re-requested.

**Parameters**:

| Parameter           | Type      | Description                                                                                     |
| ------------------- | --------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `reviewers`         | \[]string | The list of GitHub logins to select from.                                                       |

> | `total` (optional)  | int       | The total of reviewers to assign. By default, assigns to all reviewers.                         |

Reviewer: For the description:
```
The total number of reviewers to assign to. By default, it assigns to all reviewers.
```

> | `policy` (optional) | string    | The arrangement of choosing the reviewers to assign. By default, the policy is `reviewpad`. |

Reviewer: For the description: 
```
The policy followed for reviewer assignment. By default, the policy is `reviewpad`.
```
